I am here standing inside alifa medical
complex one of the biggest hospitals in
the entire Gaza Strip after the ground
incursion took place at the 18th of
March that lift the whole hospital rooms
now the local community is coming
together to rebuild it 70 bids inside
this hospital now exist to help the
local community to get the proper
treatment after the uh the health system
collapsed here in Northern Gaza City and
many hospitals got out of service now
the good news is that this hospital is
back to service right
now this is a sacred time in a sacred
Place simply because it cherishes human
life yet it was a sight of killing
torture and destruction at the hands of
the Israeli forces many sacrificed their
lives here including many renowned
Palestinian doctors and in honor of
their spilled blood we brought this
medical facility back to life let me
take you around the operation room in
this Hospital in this Hospital a new
equipment
that give the civilians a proper
treatment now civilians hoping to get a
proper treatment after the rebuilding
process that took place inside Al shifa
medical complex um we are talking about
more uh civilians can be distributed to
the whole hospital after the rebuilding
process and getting Al medical complex
in
service within 6 months we will be able
to restore at least onethird of the
alifa complex's facilities we are
working hand inand with local and
international organizations today we
reopen the emergency unit a signal that
we will bring the entire Hospital back
to life to emerge as it was before the
icon of healthc Care on the Gaza Strip
they are hoping that the health system
is getting better with time Ministry of
Health has helped the rebuilding process
inside alif medical
complex ibraim KH Al jaaz Northern Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer